# My `hydra clone` tool

This folder contains the source code for my own implementation of the `hydra` tool.
Hydra can be used to connect to servers via ssh using a list of words as passwords.

This is a lightweight implementation that covers the following features/options:

- Connects to a server via ssh-client using a list of words as the password.
- The list of words can be generated by passing a basic character set or a file containing passwords

## Technologies

- python
- venv

## Dependencies

- exrex: used to generate all possible combinations of words from give characterset command-line argument
- paramiko: used for connecting to a server as a user using ssh-client

## Command-line arguments

- -u, --username (str) required: Username to connect
- -s, --server (str) required: Server as IP-Address or DNS name to connect
- -w, --wordlist (str) optional: Word list file used as dictionary
- -c, characterset (str) optional: Basic characters set used to generate a list of words. Default is [a-z]. Complex character set will be sanitized.
- --min (int) optional: Minimal generated word length. Default is 3. Can not be bigger then --max.
- --max (int) optional: Maximal generated word length. Default is 3. Can not be less then --max.

## Structure

- [hydra.py](./hydra.py): Main file to run and pass command-line arguments
- [ini.py](./init.py): initializes the command-line arguments
- [utils.py](./utils.py): validates min and max command-line arguments, sanitizes complex characterset command-line argument, generates words from characterset command-line argument and reads words from wordlist command-line arguments
- [requirements.txt](./requirements.txt): contains dependencies

## Getting started

### Installation

```powershell
# Create and activate python virtual environment
python -m venv venv
venv/Scripts/activate

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Usage examples

```powershell
# Start hydra using defaults
python hydra.py -u <username> -s <remoteserver>
# username: <username>
# server: <remoteserver>
# min: 3
# max: 3
# characterset: [a-z]
```

This generates a list of words, containing all possible combination of all lowercase letters, from a to z with a minimal and maximal length of 3, for each combination.

```powershell
# Start hydra using a characterset with a minimal and maximal word length
python hydra.py -u <username> -s <remoteserver> -c [a-z0-9] --min 5 --max 5
# username: <username>
# server: <remoteserver>
# min: 5
# max: 5
# characterset: [a-z0-9]
```

This generates a list of words, containing all possible combination of all lowercase letters, from a to z and all digits from 0 to 9, with a minimal and maximal length of 5, for each combination.

```powershell
# Start hydra using a dictionary for list of words
python hydra.py -u <username> -s <remoteserver> -w dictionary.txt
# username: <username>
# server: <remoteserver>
# wordlist: dictionary.txt
# characterset, min and max command-line arguments will be ignored
```

This reads a list of words from dictionary.txt file.

After the list of words is set, hydra loops over all words at tries to establish connection to the server via ssh-client.
